README.md, before:

## Changes
2019-07-11: Updated to compile against kernel 5.2

## Realtek 802.11ac (rtl8812au)

This is a fork of the Realtek 802.11ac (rtl8812au) v4.2.2 (7502.20130507)
driver altered to build on Linux kernel version >= 3.10.

### Purpose

My D-Link DWA-171 wireless dual-band USB adapter needs the Realtek 8812au
driver to work under Linux.

The current rtl8812au version (per nov. 20th 2013) doesn't compile on Linux
kernels >= 3.10 due to a change in the proc entry API, specifically the
deprecation of the `create_proc_entry()` and `create_proc_read_entry()`
functions in favor of the new `proc_create()` function.

### Building

The Makefile is preconfigured to handle most x86/PC versions.  If you are compiling for something other than an intel x86 architecture, you need to first select the platform, e.g. for the Raspberry Pi, you need to set the I386 to n and the ARM_RPI to y:
```sh
...
CONFIG_PLATFORM_I386_PC = n
...
CONFIG_PLATFORM_ARM_RPI = y
```

There are many other platforms supported and some other advanced options, e.g. PCI instead of USB, but most won't be needed.

The driver is built by running `make`, and can be tested by loading the
built module using `insmod`:

```sh
$ make
$ sudo insmod 8812au.ko
```

After loading the module, a wireless network interface named __Realtek 802.11n WLAN Adapter__ should be available.

### Installing

Installing the driver is simply a matter of copying the built module
into the correct location and updating module dependencies using `depmod`:

```sh
$ sudo cp 8812au.ko /lib/modules/$(uname -r)/kernel/drivers/net/wireless
$ sudo depmod
```

The driver module should now be loaded automatically.

### DKMS

Automatically rebuilds and installs on kernel updates. DKMS is in official sources of Ubuntu, for installation do:

```sh
$ sudo apt-get install build-essential dkms 
```

The driver source must be copied to /usr/src/8812au-4.2.2

Then add it to DKMS:

```sh
$ sudo dkms add -m 8812au -v 4.2.2
$ sudo dkms build -m 8812au -v 4.2.2
$ sudo dkms install -m 8812au -v 4.2.2
```

Check with:
```sh
$ sudo dkms status
```
Automatically load at boot:
```sh
$ echo 8812au | sudo tee -a /etc/modules
```
Eventually remove from DKMS with:
```sh
$ sudo dkms remove -m 8812au -v 4.2.2 --all
```

### References

- D-Link DWA-171
  - [D-Link page](http://www.dlink.com/no/nb/home-solutions/connect/adapters/dwa-171-wireless-ac-dual-band-usb-adapter)
  - [wikidevi page](http://wikidevi.com/wiki/D-Link_DWA-171_rev_A1)

Commit message:

Add TP-Link Archer T4U V1 in readme

README.md, after:

## Note
This is a fork of https://github.com/gnab/rtl8812au and just documenting how it also works for TP-Link Archer T4U V1

lsusb output
```
Bus 002 Device 003: ID 2357:0101 TP-Link RTL8812AU Archer T4U 802.11ac
```

| OS | Kernel | Status |
| ------------------ | -------------- | ------- |
| Debian Buster 10.3 | 4.19.0-8-amd64 | &check; |


## Changes
2019-07-11: Updated to compile against kernel 5.2

## Realtek 802.11ac (rtl8812au)

This is a fork of the Realtek 802.11ac (rtl8812au) v4.2.2 (7502.20130507)
driver altered to build on Linux kernel version >= 3.10.

### Purpose

My D-Link DWA-171 wireless dual-band USB adapter needs the Realtek 8812au
driver to work under Linux.

The current rtl8812au version (per nov. 20th 2013) doesn't compile on Linux
kernels >= 3.10 due to a change in the proc entry API, specifically the
deprecation of the `create_proc_entry()` and `create_proc_read_entry()`
functions in favor of the new `proc_create()` function.

### Building

The Makefile is preconfigured to handle most x86/PC versions.  If you are compiling for something other than an intel x86 architecture, you need to first select the platform, e.g. for the Raspberry Pi, you need to set the I386 to n and the ARM_RPI to y:
```sh
...
CONFIG_PLATFORM_I386_PC = n
...
CONFIG_PLATFORM_ARM_RPI = y
```

There are many other platforms supported and some other advanced options, e.g. PCI instead of USB, but most won't be needed.

The driver is built by running `make`, and can be tested by loading the
built module using `insmod`:

```sh
$ make
$ sudo insmod 8812au.ko
```

After loading the module, a wireless network interface named __Realtek 802.11n WLAN Adapter__ should be available.

### Installing

Installing the driver is simply a matter of copying the built module
into the correct location and updating module dependencies using `depmod`:

```sh
$ sudo cp 8812au.ko /lib/modules/$(uname -r)/kernel/drivers/net/wireless
$ sudo depmod
```

The driver module should now be loaded automatically.

### DKMS

Automatically rebuilds and installs on kernel updates. DKMS is in official sources of Ubuntu, for installation do:

```sh
$ sudo apt-get install build-essential dkms 
```

The driver source must be copied to /usr/src/8812au-4.2.2

Then add it to DKMS:

```sh
$ sudo dkms add -m 8812au -v 4.2.2
$ sudo dkms build -m 8812au -v 4.2.2
$ sudo dkms install -m 8812au -v 4.2.2
```

Check with:
```sh
$ sudo dkms status
```
Automatically load at boot:
```sh
$ echo 8812au | sudo tee -a /etc/modules
```
Eventually remove from DKMS with:
```sh
$ sudo dkms remove -m 8812au -v 4.2.2 --all
```

### References

- D-Link DWA-171
  - [D-Link page](http://www.dlink.com/no/nb/home-solutions/connect/adapters/dwa-171-wireless-ac-dual-band-usb-adapter)
  - [wikidevi page](http://wikidevi.com/wiki/D-Link_DWA-171_rev_A1)
